Google Apps Google Script - Content System Web App Project

Learn to Build a custom web application using Google Scripts connecting Google Apps together

Learn how to build Web Apps with Google Script

Increase the power of your favorite Google apps — like Calendar, Docs, Drive, Gmail, and Sheets.  Apps Script lets you do more with Google. All on a JavaScript platform in the cloud.

If you know JavaScript you can jump right in and start creating web apps connecting all of your Google application together.   Automate your work you will be amazed at how easy it is to work with Apps Script.

JavaScript is a prerequisite to this course!

Course Lessons will demonstrate how to use Google Script

Learn what Google script is and how to write code with it
Create a Google Doc with one line of code 
Update existing Google Docs 
Setup up automation with Triggers 
Copy content from your Google Doc 
Change colors and text within your Google Doc 
Link to other Google apps 
Translate your Google Doc in One line of Code! 
Send your Google Doc info as an email through Gmail
Building a Webap

Connecting your Google Sheet Data
Accessing Sheet data via a JSON feed
Connecting your Sheet data to a local application using AJAX
How to add Bootstrap and jQuery into your Google App
How to create popup modals and dynamic interaction
Deploy your first web app
Build a Custom Content System driven from Google Sheet data

Add Alerts and interactive dialog
Setup HTML page
Add Bootstrap 4 and jQuery to your app
Create a dynamic drop list from Google Sheets
Generate a home page of content from Sheets
Send data back to GS to callback
Generate HTML output from Google Sheets data
Provide Access control of content
How to bug fix and tweak your application
Get a web url for your application
Check and authenticate users
Output content from Google Sheet data
Code review and output
Taught by an instructor with over 18 years of web development experience.  I'm here to help you learn about Google Scripts and ready to answer any questions you might have.

You will be amazed at what you can do with Google Scripts, join now to start creating your own applications today.